# Register NS

**Description :** <br> 
Register the NS for the requested registry

**Function :** pn_dnsreg.jsp


**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
dns1 | R | NS hostname to be registered
ip1 | O | 1st ip address for the hostname to be registered
ip2 | O | 2nd ip address for the hostname to be registered
ip3 | O | 3rd ip address for the hostname to be registered
ip4 | O | 4th ip address for the hostname to be registered
ip5 | O | 5th ip address for the hostname to be registered
ip6 | O | 6th ip address for the hostname to be registered
reg | R | Registry where the NS will be registered to. Registration to multiple Registry can be done by passing in an array of registries. <br> **Example :** `com` / `net` / `biz`

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_dnsreg.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="url" value="http://www.yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="dns1" value="ns1.domain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="reg[]" value="com">
    <input type="hidden" name="reg[]" value="org">
    <input type="hidden" name="reg[]" value="biz">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen. 

The return results will be comma separated between return code and tabulation separated between error code and error message.

e.g. registration to "com,org,biz" will have following return results : <br>
>0,0,0 $ns NS Registered Successfully (com), $ns NS Registered Successfully (org), $ns NS Registered Successfully (biz)


Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Complete Successfully (Pending order successful/submitted) Tracking ID: XXX <br> **NOTE :** New return message for pending order only.
0 | Command Completed Successfully (\$ns NS Registered Successfully (\$ext)) <br> **NOTE :** This is a return message for real time transaction.
1 | Command Completed Successfully (\$ns NS already registered (\$ext))
2 | Management Violation (\$ns domain name not registered under us as registrar (\$ext))
4 | System message (\$ns NS or IP format incorrect (\$ext))
4 | System message (\$ns IP address not required for non \$ext NS (\$ext))
4 | System message (\$ns parent domain not registered (\$ext))
4 | System message (\$ns NS Registration Error (\$ext))
4 | System message (no registry extension)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner Authentication Failed)
8 | Connection Failures (https connection error)