# Modify NS IP

**Description :** <br> 
Modify the NS IP

**Function :** pn_dnsmod.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
dns | R | NS hostname to be modified
ip1 | R | 1st ip address for the hostname to be modified
ip2 | O | 2nd ip address for the hostname to be modified
ip3 | O | 3rd ip address for the hostname to be modified
ip4 | O | 4th ip address for the hostname to be modified
ip5 | O | 5th ip address for the hostname to be modified
ip6 | O | 6th ip address for the hostname to be modified

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_dnsmod.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="url" value="http://www.yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="dns" value="ns1.domain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="ip1" value="1.1.1.1">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

The return results will be double colon separated between error code and error message. e.g. modify "com" NS will have following return results :<br> 
>0 Verisign (com) : Name Server updated successfully (com)

<br>

Below show the values and messages that might return.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Complete Successfully (Pending order successful/submitted) Tracking ID: XXX <br> **NOTE :** New return message for pending order only.
0 | Command Completed Successfully (Name Server updated successfully (\$ext)) <br>**NOTE :** This is a return message for real time transaction.
4 | System error (Parameter value policy error (\$ext))