# Delete NS

**Description :**  <br> 
Delete the NS to the requested Registry

**Function :** pn_dnsdel.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
dns1 | R | NS hostname to be deleted
reg | R | Registry where the NS will be deleted: `com, org, biz, info, name, cc, us, cn, tw`. <br> Registration to multiple Registry can be done by passing in an array of registries.

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_dnsdel.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="url" value="http://www.yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="dns1" value="ns1.domain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="reg[]" value="com">
    <input type="hidden" name="reg[]" value="org">
    <input type="hidden" name="reg[]" value="biz">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

The return results will be comma separated between return code and tabulation separated between error code and error message. <br> e.g. registration to "com,org,biz" will have following return results : <br> 
>0,0,0 $ns NS Deleted Successfully (com), $ns NS Deleted Successfully (org), $ns NS Deleted Successfully (biz)

<Br>

Below show the values and messages that might return.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (\$ns NS Deleted Successfully (\$ext))
4 | System message (\$ns Name Server delete failed, either NS not registered or NS is in used (\$ext))