# Transfer In Status

**Description :** <br> 
Check status of domain transfer in to WEBNIC

**Function :** pn_trfstatus.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domainname | R | The particular domain name. 

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_trfstatus.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domainname" value="yourdomain.com">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (\$status)<ul><li>`W` - WEBNIC has received transfer request submission, attempting to get Whois info.</li><li>`A` - WEBNIC has received transfer request submission, attempting to send authorization email.</li><li>`E` - Authorization email has been sent to domain admin contact for approval.</li><li>`Y` - Request not authorized after 72 hours, system has sent transfer authorization reminder to domain admin contact.</li><li>`N` - Request not authorized after 72 hours, system failed to send transfer authorization reminder.</li><li>`P` - Domain admin contact has approved the transfer; The request is now pending registry/losing registrar approval.</li><li>`T` - First attempt was rejected by registry/losing registrar; Transfer request is resubmitted again.</li><li>`D` - Transfer completed.</li></ul>
4 | System message (No transfer record.)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)