# Domain Protection

**Description :** <br> 
Change domain protection status

**Function :** pn_protect.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domainname | R | Domain to be protected.
status | R | Domain's status. <ul><li>`A` - Unlock Domain.<li>`N` - Transfer Protected<li>`L` - Name Protected.</li></ul>

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_protect.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domainname" value="yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="status" value="L">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values:
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (\$domain is protected)
4 | System message (Error protecting $domain)
4 | System message (no domain specify)
4 | System message (domain may contain only alpha-numeric characters or the dash '-' symbol (no leading or trailing dashes))
4 | System message (domain must be between 3 and 46 characters in length)
4 | System message (Require field missing / Invalid format)
4 | System message (This domain not belong to your source)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)
8 | Connection Failures (https connection error)