# Activate / De-activate WHOIS Privacy

**Description :**  <br> 
Activate or Deactivate domain from using WHOIS Privacy.
> **Note :** Requires subscription of WHOIS Privacy service. [REF: WHOIS Privacy](23.WHOISPrivacy.md)

**Function :** pn_whoisprivacyacti.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domain | R | Domain to be activate for whoisprivacy. Currently support all gTLDs.
action | R | `act` – WHOIS privacy activation. <br> `deact` – WHOIS privacy deactivation. 
consent | R  <br>(if ‘action’ is “`deact`”) | `Y` - if you agree to the terms and conditions below <BR> `N` - otherwise. <br><br> ## Partner’s consent for Registration Data Access Protocol (RDAP). ##<br>By unsubscribing the domain WHOIS Privacy, you agree on below terms and conditions :<ul><li>Receive the consent from domain registrant that to unsubscribe the service and display the domain contact information on public WHOIS.</li><li>If the registrant is individual citizen of European Union (EU), which GDPR applies, you agreed that you have received the consent from the registrant to reveal below information in order to facilitate the order.</li></ul> In no event shall the WebNIC be liable to any user of the Network and Domain Name, customer, Registrant, or third party for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages for actions taken pursuant to this, including, but not limited to, any loss of profits, programs data, legal cases, or business interruption.

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_whoisprivacyacti.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domainname" value="yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="action" value="act">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Complete Successfully (Pending order successful/submitted) Tracking ID: XXX <br> **NOTE :** New return message for pending order only.
0 | Command Completed Successfully <br> **NOTE :** This is a return message for real time transaction.
4 | System message (Domain Name is a Mandatory field, cannot be empty.)
4 | System message (Partner not enough credit balance)
4 | System message (Domain not eligible for whois privacy subscription)
4 | System message (Domain not eligible for whois privacy activation/de-activation)
4 | System message (Require field missing / Invalid format)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication failed)