# SME Domain-name Eligibility Check

**Description :** <br> 
Checking the eligibility of SME domain name.

**Function :** pn_eligibility.jsp

>SME Domain-name Reservation is part of the Infocomm @ SME programme which is collaboration between IDA, ACRA and SGNIC and its registrar Web Commerce Communications Limited.
<br><BR>
>This program starts from now till further notice.<br>
Under this program, new Singapore SMEs (Small Medium Enterprise) without any domain, can register their first .com.sg or .sg domain name FREE for first year through us. 
<br><br>
>New Singapore SMEs [ACRA-registered businesses] includes :<ul><li>Business<li>Companies including Public Accounting Corporation (PAC) -Limited Liability Partnership (LLP)<li>Public Accounting Firms (PAF)</li></ul>

<br>

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
acrano | R | Acra number.

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_whoisprivacyacti.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="acrano" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx">
</form>
```

<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (Eligible)
1 | Command Completed Successfully (Not eligible, already have an activated domain under this acra number)
4 | System message (Missing HTTP POST values)
4 | System message (acra number must not have special characters)
4 | System message (Invalid acra number length)