# Email Account Forwarding

**Description :** <br> 
Set Email Forwarding for the domain.

**Function :** pn_valuesadd.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domain | R | Domain to be updated.
action | R | `email` - You should not change this.
email1 | R | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd1 | R | The email address that you want forward to.
email2 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd2 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email3 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd3 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email4 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd4 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email5 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd5 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email6 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd6 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email7 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd7 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email8 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account.  <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd8 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email9 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd9 | O | The email address that you want forward to.
email10 | O | Email account that you want forward to other email account. <br> eg. `marketing`, `sales`, `etc`
emailfwd10 | O | The email address that you want forward to.

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_valuesadd.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domain" value="yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="action" value="email">
    <input type="hidden" name="email1" value="sales">
    <input type="hidden" name="emailfwd1" value="sales@targetdomain.com">
</form>
```
>**Note :** <br> 
>To remove URL FORWARDING value, kindly post empty value for subd(x) and subdfwd(x) request form respectively.

<br>



<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (Email forwarding updated successfully)
2 | Management Violation (This domain not under your management)
4 | System message (Invalid Data Format)
4 | System message (Unable to activate this feature due to DNS Hosting feature is active. Please remove DNS Hosting feature and try again)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)