# Sub Domain Setting (URL Forwarding)

**Description :** <br>
Set URL Forwarding for the domain or sub domain.

**Function :** pn_valuesadd.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domain | R | Domain to be updated.
action | R | `subd` - You should not change this.
subd1 | R | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd1 | R | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd2 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd2 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd3 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd3 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd4 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd4 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd5 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd5 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd6 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd6 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd7 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd7 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to
subd8 | O | Subdomain that you like to put in front of your domain name. <br> (symbol strictly prohibited except . and -) <br> e.g.: `www`, `e-mail`, `support`
subdfwd8 | O | The URL that you want the sub domain redirect to

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_valuesadd.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domain" value="yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="action" value="subd">
    <input type="hidden" name="subd1" value="sales">
    <input type="hidden" name="subdfwd1" value="https://sales.targetdomain.com">
</form>
```

<br>

>**Note :** <br> 
>You are required to pass in either http:// or https:// or ftp:// in all fields relate to subdfwd. Without the value, your URL Forwarding might not work properly.
<br>

>**Note :** <br>
>To remove URL FORWARDING value, kindly post empty value for subd(x) and subdfwd(x) request form respectively.

<br>



<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (Subdomains updated successfully)
2 | Management Violation (This domain not under your management)
4 | System message (Unable to activate this feature due to DNS Hosting feature is active. Please remove DNS Hosting feature and try again)
4 | System message (Invalid Data Format)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)