# A Pointer

**Description :** <br>
Set domain A Pointer.

**Function :** pn_valuesadd.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domain | R | Domain to be updated.
action | R | `apointer` - You should not change this.
ip1 | R | First A pointer values, in IP format.
sub1 | R | Sub domain that points to ip1 is particularly set parameter for "`yourdomain.com`". Any parameter passing in this field, it always consider it as `@`.
ip2 | O | Second A pointer values, in IP format.
sub2 | O | Sub domain that points to ip2, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip3 | O | in IP format.
sub3 | O | Sub domain that points to ip3, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip4 | O | in IP format.
sub4 | O | Sub domain that points to ip4, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip5 | O | in IP format.
sub5 | O | Sub domain that points to ip5, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip6 | O | in IP format.
sub6 | O | Sub domain that points to ip6, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip7 | O | in IP format.
sub7 | O | Sub domain that points to ip7, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip8 | O | in IP format.
sub8 | O | Sub domain that points to ip8, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip9 | O | in IP format.
sub9 | O | Sub domain that points to ip9, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.
ip10 | O | in IP format.
sub10 | O | Sub domain that points to ip10, e.g. : `www`, `mail`,`admin`, etc.

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_valuesadd.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domain" value="yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="action" value="apointer">
    <input type="hidden" name="ip1" value="200.0.0.100">
    <input type="hidden" name="sub1" value="@">
    <input type="hidden" name="ip2" value="200.0.0.100">
    <input type="hidden" name="sub2" value="www">
</form>
```
>**Note :**  <br> 
>Maximum Record Allowed: 50 (eg: For 15th A Record, assign value to param ip15 and sub15.)

>**Note :** <br> 
>To remove A-RECORD value, kindly post empty value for ip(x) and sub(x) request respectively.

<br>
<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (A pointer updated successfully)
2 | Management Violation (This domain not under your management)
4 | System message (Unable to activate DNS Hosting due to URL Forwarding is active. Please remove URL/Email Forwarding and Subdomain feature before activate DNS Hosting)
4 | System message (IP Error : Invalid hostname)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)