# Text (TXT) Record

**Description :** <br> 
Set domain TXT Record.

**Function :** pn_valuesadd.jsp

> A TXT record (short for text record) is a type of resource record in the Domain Name System (DNS) that may contain arbitrary text and can also be used to define machine readable text. The TXT record is used to define the Sender Policy Framework (SPF) information records which may be used to validate legitimate email sources from a domain as well. With TXT value, these records are not used to direct any traffic. Instead they are used to provide needed information to outside sources.

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domain | R | Domain to be updated.
action | R | `txtrecord` - You should not change this.
txt1 | R | Primary TXT value (SPF configure e.g: `v=spf1 include:example.net -all`)
txt2 | O | Secondary TXT value
txt3 | O | Tertiary TXT value
txt4 | O | Quaternary TXT value
txt5 | O | Quinary TXT value
txt6 | O | Senary TXT value
txt_subdom1 | O | Primary TXT sub domain. Example: `www`, `marketing`, `sales` etc.

<br><br>

### Example Code :

```HTML
<form action="{WEBNIC_API_URL}pn_valuesadd.jsp" method="POST"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="source" value="xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="otime" value="2000-02-20 12:03:33"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="ochecksum" value="35sdfklmwew02sdf06ads1asd3"> 
    <input type="hidden" name="domain" value="yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="action" value="txtrecord">
    <input type="hidden" name="txt1" value="v=spf1 include:example.net -all">
    <input type="hidden" name="txt_subdom1" value="@">
    <input type="hidden" name="txt2" value="sample txt info for yourdomain.com">
    <input type="hidden" name="txt_subdom2" value="info">
</form>
```
>**Note :** <br> 
>Maximum Record Allowed : 20

>**Note :** <br> 
>To remove TXT value, kindly post empty value for txt(x) request form respectively.

<br>



<br>

WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (TXT Record updated successfully)
2 | Management Violation (This domain not under your management)
4 | System message (Unable to activate DNS Hosting due to URL Forwarding is active. Please remove URL/Email Forwarding and Subdomain feature before activate DNS Hosting)
4 | System message (TXT Record update failed)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)