# Document Upload Status Check

**Description :**  <br> 
Check the status of the Document Upload.

**Function :** pn_docupload.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
domainname | O | Domain to check the document upload status

<br><br>


### Example #1 document upload status (domain specified) :
```JSON
{"returnmessage":"Command completed successfully","result":{
	"otherstatus":"X",
	"brstatus":"N",
	"doc_url":"https://docs.upload.url/docs.jsp?token=jQ%2F9VwdiFnQ%2Bzxgc69fZokZPxcKNHimo6ykZYXtQ3eWmOiPPM6SM3skR0EwqmQ1Tf47j1uLuiXHhRyR0rEGTCA%3D%3D&action=upload",
	"domain":"testingwc010",
	"nricstatus":"N",
	"proxystatus":"X",
	"ext":"CO.ID"},
"returncode":"0"}
```
>Definations:<br>
>- `returncode` & `returnmessage`: query status. Refer to WEBNIC Return Values table below.
>- `result`: upload details of the specified domain.
>- `nricstatus`/`brstatus`/`proxystatus`/`otherstatus`: status of the respective documents:
>> - `X` : not mandatory.
>> - `N` : mandatory, not yet uploaded.
>> - `Y` : mandatory, already uploaded.
>- `doc_url` : the document upload page for the domain.

### Example #2 document upload status (domain not specified) :
```JSON
{"returnmessage":"Command completed successfully","result":[
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"my-domain","ext":"COM.HK"},
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"my-domain","ext":"CN"},
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"my-domain","ext":"CO.ID"},
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"domainname","ext":" COM.HK"},
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"domainname","ext":"CN"},
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"domainname","ext":"CO.ID"},
	{"majorstatus":"P","domain":"pradana","ext":"CN"}
],"returncode":"0"}
```

>Definations:<br>
>- `returncode` & `returnmessage`: query status. Refer to WEBNIC Return Values table below.
>- `result` : a collection of all domains eligible for document upload belonging to the partner account.
>- `majorstatus`: status of the document upload process:
>>- `P` : pending.
>>- `C` : completed.

<br>
WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (Display document upload status - JSON format)
4 | System message (error message return by registry)
4 | System message (Required field missing / Invalid format / Invalid term)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)
8 | Connection Failures (Registry: https connection error)