# Restore Domain

**Description :** <br>
Restore domain.

**Function :** pn_domainrestore.jsp

**Parameters :** 
FIELD NAME | REQUIRED | DESCPRITION
-----------------|:--------:|------------
source | R | Reseller's source
otime | R | Order time, format YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS <br> **Example :** `2000-02-20 12:03:33`
url | O | This is the full path URL to your template. The WEBNIC server will communicate its results to this template.
ochecksum | R | MD5 validation key between reseller and WEBNIC.
domain | R | Domain to be restore.
agreerestoreflag | R | Valid value: `Y` or `N`<br>Flag to determine whether to agree to restore agreement policy or otherwise.


<br>

>**NOTE :**<br>
>1. Restoration fee will be deducted if the domain is still under redemption grace period and partner agreed to the restore agreement policy.<br><br>
>2. Renewal fee will also be deducted if this extension requires renewal to restore the domain name according to the required renewal term (1 year in general).<br><br>

<br>
WEBNIC return values :
-----
WEBNIC API server will return 2 parameters by using POST method to the url that partner submitted. If url not submitted, return values will be printed to the screen.

Below show the values and varies messages that might returned.
Return | Code Message
:-----:|-------------
0 | Command Completed Successfully (Your request has been sent to support@webnic.cc and the restoration andrenewal fee has been deducted from your account. However, the request still subject to restoration availability.)
4 | System message (Domain name is a Mandatory field, cannot be empty)
4 | System message (Restore Agreement is a Mandatory field, cannot be empty.)
4 | System message (Restore Agreement must be agreed to proceed)
4 | System message (Only domain that under redemption grace period status allow to perform restoration.)
5 | IP Address prohibited
6 | Partner authentication fail (Partner authentication fail)
8 | Connection Failures (https connection error)